Update automationpeer_setparent_93769970.md (#65)
MicrosoftDocs/winapps-winrt-api: microsoft.ui.xaml.automation.peers/automationpeer_setparent_93769970.md

The parent automation peer.

## -remarks

> > You can't re-parent an [AutomationPeer](automationpeer.md) for a UWP app. This functionality was only available for a Windows Phone 8.x app.

Reviewer: We also need to remove UWP from here. These docs are for Windows App SDK / WinUI 3. @Karl-Bridge-Microsoft  - Do you know if this statement is true for App SDK?
```suggestion
> You can't re-parent an [AutomationPeer](automationpeer.md) for a Windows App SDK app.
```

Reviewer 2: This does not appear to be a constraint in the source code. I suggest deleting the entire note.

Reviewer: Thanks for checking that, Karl. I'll remove it entirely.
